
--- Pagina 1/472 ---
Tempo: 61.6s
ASSOCIATION OF INDIAN UNIVERSITIES
NEW DELHI, 1982

Jodhpur University Library
Acc. No. 184974 Sub. Re.
Call No.

Price: Rs. 130.00

Published by Association of Indian Universities
Rouse Avenue, New Delhi-110002.


--- Pagina 2/472 ---
Tempo: 113.5s
PREFACE

This volume records Doctoral Dissertations in Natural and Applied Sciences. Together with its companion volume covering Social Sciences and Humanities, issued earlier, the Bibliography lists all the Doctoral Dissertations accepted by Indian Universities from July 1979 to June 1980. We hope the academic community will find this volume as useful as it found the earlier volumes.

Amrik Singh
Secretary
Association of Indian Universities

New Delhi
September 29, 1982


--- Pagina 3/472 ---
Tempo: 71.4s
CONSPECTUS

This bibliography lists 2,701 theses accepted during the year 1979-80 by the Indian Universities for doctoral degrees in the subjects of Natural and Applied Sciences. These have been classified by the Dewey Decimal Classification (18th Edition) and this governs their general arrangement.

Each entry lists detailed particulars about the theses in the following order: Serial number, name of the scholar, title of the thesis, name of the university/institute, the years when research was begun and completed, availability note, and name and complete address of the guide. Unless otherwise stated immediately after the title, the theses have been accepted for the award of Ph.D. degree.

Abbreviations have been used to render the names of the various universities/institutes and a complete list of these abbreviations and their expansions follows the conspectus. For thesis where the information about the year when the research was begun was not available only the year of award of degree has been given. Availability note provides information about the availability of the theses for consultation and use by the research scholars. Unless indicated by an asterisk to the serial number a copy of each of the thesis listed is available in the respective university/institute library. The thesis is available in the university/institute office when the serial number is marked by an asterisk. As regard the guides under whom research has been conducted, information has been provided in the majority of the cases. However, where complete address was not available we had to be content with the name of the guide only. There are however, a few cases where even the name could not be ascertained.

An alphabetic subject index and a scholar index are included to facilitate reference. The scholar index is arranged alphabetically according to the surnames of the scholars. But an impor-

