
--- Pagina 1/21 ---
Tempo: 457.5s
DISTRIBUTION CONTRACT
CONTRATTO DI DISTRIBUZIONE

agreed between

Company
Trotec Laser GmbH
Freilinger Straße 99
4614 Marchtrenk
Austria

and

Partner
Bompan S.r.l.
Via L.Pasteur, 15
21049 Tradate (Va)
Italy

together hereinafter referred to as the “Parties” or individually as “Party”

as follows:


--- Pagina 2/21 ---
Tempo: 467.7s
1. PREAMBLE

1.1. Company's field of activity covers the development, production and distribution of laser systems for marking, cutting and engraving, and its supplements.

1.2. Partner is a distributor of goods whose intention is to sell and service determined products from the Company.

1.3. Partner was evaluated as possible distribution partner of the Company by successfully passing an accreditation process.

2. SUBJECT OF CONTRACT

2.1. Subject to the terms and conditions in this contract ("Contract"), Company appoints Partner for the distribution of Company's products further specified in Annex ./A (hereinafter referred to as "Contractual Products") as follows:

i. for those Contractual Products marked as "Exclusive Products" as exclusive distributor in the Republic Italy, and

ii. for all other Contractual Products (other than those mentioned in lit. i) above as non-exclusive distributor in Italy and Malta

(hereinafter referred to as "Contractual Territory") and Partner accepts this appointment.

2.2. Partner shall commit itself to actively sell and promote the Contractual Products only within the Contractual Territory and not to export them to any other country or territory without the prior written permission (incl. e-mail) of Company.

2.3. Partner shall sell the Contractual Products in its own name and at its own cost, as an independent distributor as defined in clause 2.1. above and shall not be authorized to conclude agreements in Company's name or to commit Company in any other way. Partner shall be free in determining its sales prices. Any price lists issued by Company as well as any prices indicated on the Contractual Products or in advertising materials are non-binding recommended prices only.

2.4. Partner shall inform Company of all tenders in the Contractual Territory in which Partner participates and shall ensure that Company receives in due time copies of all requests for quotations for tenders, Partner's quotations and awards.

2.5. Partner may appoint sub-distributors or other persons to act on Partner's behalf or to otherwise perform any of Partner's obligations under this Contract. If so, Partner shall


--- Pagina 3/21 ---
Tempo: 492.4s
a) be solely responsible for any compensation to such sub-distributors or other persons to act;

b) not deprive Company of the essential rights to which it is entitled under this Contract.

2.6. Any contract with sub-distributors or other persons to act shall not extend beyond the term of this Contract. Partner shall be fully liable for their performances and actions as if Partner acted itself.

3. PROCUREMENT OF CONTRACTUAL PRODUCTS

3.1. Partner shall commit itself for the duration five years, but not longer than the duration of this Contract to purchase the Exclusive Products (as defined in clause 2.1 i. above) from the Company or from third parties designated by the Company only. In the event the duration of this Contract exceeds five years, the Parties will mutually discuss and agree whether to uphold the Partner’s exclusive purchasing obligation for a further period of maximum 5 years, but no longer than the duration of this Agreement.

3.2. The Parties will agree upon the product range of Contractual Products as written in Annex ./A. As the product range changes or is renewed regularly, Annex ./A will be reviewed and amended between the Parties occasionally.

3.3. Company can require Partner to include the modified product range into its distribution portfolio within three (3) months after notification.

3.4. Partner shall purchase the Contractual Products at Company's prices, delivery conditions and terms of payment valid at the time of purchase. The currently valid prices, delivery conditions and terms of payment are listed in Annex ./A attached hereto but are subject to alteration by Company from time to time upon a prior written three (3) months' notice given to Partner (e-mail is possible).

3.5. Company announces its price list on the Platform (as defined below). Based on this price list Partner is entitled to purchase Contractual Products and Services from Company with a discount as defined in Annex ./A.

3.6. Company is entitled to change its prices at its own discretion once a year at each beginning of the year, without giving additional notice. Additionally, Company may change the price in the course of the year, having informed Partner thereof 60 days in advance. Such price changes have no impact upon already existing orders.

